README.md, before:

# Cookie Clicker

We're developing a hot new game called "Cookie Clicker" that is going to blow up the mobile-friendly web-app gaming world!

The game functionality is all set! It counts the number of times the user clicks the cookie image in the middle of the screen. In our first round of user testing, we discovered that when a user refreshes the page, they didn't like that they had to start all over. We have now implemented cookies so they keep their score!

## Base

In the second round of user testing, we found that users like to see their name on the screen.

- [ ] The username should display on the screen.
- [ ] When a user clicks the `Edit Username` button, the username display should turn into an input, and the button should turn into a `Save` button.
- [ ] When the user selects the save button, it should turn back into an `Edit Username` button, and the input should turn back into a display of the new name.
- [ ] When the user refreshes the page, they should continue to see their name.

## Stretch

- [ ] Allow the user to log out by removing the cookie.

Commit message:

add optional w3schools intro resource

README.md, after:

# Cookie Clicker

We're developing a hot new game called "Cookie Clicker" that is going to blow up the mobile-friendly web-app gaming world!

The game functionality is all set! It counts the number of times the user clicks the cookie image in the middle of the screen. In our first round of user testing, we discovered that when a user refreshes the page, they didn't like that they had to start all over. We have now implemented cookies so they keep their score!

If you'd like a little more context on cookies before diving in, the [w3schools intro](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_cookies.asp) is a good place to start.

## Base

In the second round of user testing, we found that users like to see their name on the screen.

- [ ] The username should display on the screen.
- [ ] When a user clicks the `Edit Username` button, the username display should turn into an input, and the button should turn into a `Save` button.
- [ ] When the user selects the save button, it should turn back into an `Edit Username` button, and the input should turn back into a display of the new name.
- [ ] When the user refreshes the page, they should continue to see their name.

## Stretch

- [ ] Allow the user to log out by removing the cookie.
